Correcting documentation for android (#2533)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/platforms/android/generating_android_project_windows.md

- `ANDROID_SIGNING_CONFIG_KEYSTORE_FILE`

>   The key store file location for the [signing configuration](/docs/user-guide/platforms/android#APK_Signing) to use for APK signing. The user must provide this key store file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The key store file location for the [signing configuration](/docs/user-guide/platforms/android#APK_Signing) to use for APK signing. The key store file can be created with the [keytool](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/tools/unix/keytool.html) utility provided by Java. 
```
